https://favtutor.com/blog-details/7-Python-Projects-For-Beginners

01) Guessing Game 
    In this project, we will create a program in which the system will choose a random number between any ranges defined, and then the user is given a hint to guess the number.
    
02) Interactive Dictionary
    You can build an interactive dictionary using python language by just using basic concepts like JSON, functions, and conditional statements.
    
03) Dice Rolling Simulator
    This python project will generate a random number each time the dice is rolled and also the user can repeat this program as long as he wants.

04) Anagram Game
    The basic idea of the project will be to read the file that contains word random words from the dictionary, shuffle it, and ask the user to guess the correct word from its anagram by giving hints.


05) Rock, Paper, Scissors Game
    In this program, we will use a random function for generating the random output by the computer side. The user will make the first move and then the program makes one.


06) Hangman Game
    Here, the user will have to guess an alphabet to complete a word, and also each user will have a limited number of chances to guess a letter.

07) Tic-Tac-Toe
08) Snake Game
09) Number Guessing

10) Mad Libs Generator
    Mad Libs is a word game where players supply words to fill in blanks in a story or sentence, typically with funny or amusing results.


11) Calculator
12) Countdown Timer
13) Value Converter
    convert a temperature from degrees Celsius to degrees Fahrenheit or convert a date from one calendar format to another.

14) Password Strength Checker
    This type of program typically uses algorithms to evaluate the strength of a given password and provide feedback to the user on how to improve it. 

15) Desktop Notifier App
    The desktop notifier will run on your system and send you information after a fixed time interval.

16) Python File Explorer
    Tkinter is the module used in python language for adding the GUI features to our program.
    
17) Music Player
18) Alarm Clock Project
    When an alarm is set, the program randomly selects one of the saved links and plays the corresponding video. 

19) Merger Sorting Project
     Merge sorting is a sorting algorithm that works by dividing a list of items into smaller sublists, sorting each sublist, and then combining the sublists to create a final sorted list.
     
20) User Record Management System
    This can include creating, modifying, and deleting user records, as well as tracking user activity, and maintaining a history of changes.
    
Which python project is best to start with?
     1. Choose a topic you’re interested
     2. Think about your goals
     3. Start Small